Developer docs for SDK X cocos 10.3.0 (#116)
helpshift/helpshift-docs: docs/sdkx-cocos2dx/impact-analysis.mdx

You can find impact analysis reports for every version of the Helpshift SDK below.

## 10.3.0 - iOS

Performed on following versions -

- macOS 13.2.1
- Xcode 14.3.0
- iOS 16.5.1 (iPhone 11)

Memory Usage will increase with number of messages in a conversation.

### Disk space

When a Cocos2dx iOS game is integrated with Helpshift plugin, the increase in the size of IPA file is around 300 KB.

### Memory usage

|                                         |                                                                        |
| --------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Chat screen (`showConversation()`)      | adds `5.9` MB (This depends on number of messages on the chat screen). |
| FAQs screen (`showFAQs()`)              | adds `5.7` MB (This depends on number of FAQ sections on the screen).  |
| FAQ section screen (`showFAQSection()`) | adds `5.7` MB (This depends on number of FAQS in the section).         |
| Single FAQ screen (`showFAQ()`)         | adds `5.5` MB (This depends on content of the FAQ).                    |

## 10.3.0 - Android

<Admonition type="info" title="Note">

> Tested with a demo app on Google Pixel 6a running Android 13.

Author: ```suggestion
Tested with a demo app on Google Pixel 6 running Android 14.
```

You can find impact analysis reports for every version of the Helpshift SDK below.

## 10.3.0 - iOS

Performed on following versions -

- macOS 13.2.1
- Xcode 14.3.0
- iOS 16.5.1 (iPhone 11)

Memory Usage will increase with number of messages in a conversation.

### Disk space

When a Cocos2dx iOS game is integrated with Helpshift plugin, the increase in the size of IPA file is around 300 KB.

### Memory usage

|                                         |                                                                        |
| --------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Chat screen (`showConversation()`)      | adds `5.9` MB (This depends on number of messages on the chat screen). |
| FAQs screen (`showFAQs()`)              | adds `5.7` MB (This depends on number of FAQ sections on the screen).  |
| FAQ section screen (`showFAQSection()`) | adds `5.7` MB (This depends on number of FAQS in the section).         |
| Single FAQ screen (`showFAQ()`)         | adds `5.5` MB (This depends on content of the FAQ).                    |

## 10.3.0 - Android

> **Android**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
